hi guys today I'm going to try an
experiment I saw on Pinterest that you
can take doll hair that is in this
condition and actually bring it back to
life what you'll be needing is some
fabric softener a small three ounce
travel size spray bottle and to that
bottle you will be adding two
tablespoons of fabric softener fill the
rest with water spray the hair and comb
it with a wig brush and we'll see as
soon as I try it if it works I'll come
back and show you and here she is her
hair came out I think really wonderful
this doll had been in a box with her
hair as ugly as it was before for a long
time
so my my idea is it came out pretty good
considering what it was now I'm sure
that if you have a doll whose heroes
messed up as bad as this one that hasn't
been sitting around as long as this one
was you know work even better but in all
cases this one pretty much looks good to
me again the formula was 2 tablespoons
of fabric softener and a 3 ounce bottle
of water and you spritz it comb it out
with your wig brush and this is what I
got so I think our doll has a no-life
again I'm ready for my granddaughter to
play with if you don't have a 3 ounce
bottle of water the little travel-size
spray bottles then you could use just
three ounces in a big bottle with the
three two of the two tablespoons of
fabric softener and spritz it that way
all right I hope this has been helpful
if you liked it let me know what you
think and share with your friends and
again I got this on Pinterest so whoever
was I put it out there I think
you help actually post their link in the
comment box below so that you can go to
their channel and see how their ad looks
thank you
you